one every five breaths you take
come from this tiny little
organism called throne clora
caucus that lives in the sea
it's a bacterium Bluegreen
bacteria there are
photosynthetic organisms that
capture sunlight take up carbon
dioxide and synthesize food
if he took a hundred and line
them up you might get to the
distance of a human hair there
that tourney
they produce 20-percent the
oxygen in the atmosphere or what
was not even discovered until
$MONTH 1986 took special
instrumentation special method
Steven know that they exist what
else is out there that we don't
know them since we've only
looked at making five percent of
the ocean let alone really
explored
the mail has a really
good-looking main females and
crazy over Lions actually have
to be analytic good physical
condition to produce that dark
hair on a name